Added links and minor adjustments (#4)
bebatut/galaxy-site: content/projects/microbial/index.md

| All | Shotgun metagenomics | Short reads | Taxonomic Profiling, Functional Analysis | <a href="hhttps://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/metagenomics/tutorials/general-tutorial/tutorial.html" class="fas fa-graduation-cap" aria-hidden="true"></a> | <a href="https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/metagenomics/tutorials/general-tutorial/workflows/" class="fas fa-share-alt" aria-hidden="true"></a> | <a href="https://asaim.readthedocs.io/en/latest/workflows.html">ASaiM Docs</a>
| Plasmid | Shotgun | Long reads | AMR detection | <a href="https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/metagenomics/tutorials/beer-data-analysis/tutorial.html" class="fas fa-graduation-cap" aria-hidden="true"></a> | <a href="https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/metagenomics/tutorials/plasmid-metagenomics-nanopore/workflows/" class="fas fa-share-alt" aria-hidden="true"></a> |  

> | Beer microbiome | Nanopore Technologies (ONT)  | Long reads | Taxonomic profiling | <a href="https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/metagenomics/tutorials/beer-data-analysis/tutorial.html" class="fas fa-graduation-cap" aria-hidden="true"></a> | <a href="https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/metagenomics/tutorials/beer-data-analysis/workflows/" class="fas fa-share-alt" aria-hidden="true"></a> |  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Beer microbiome | Shotgun metagenomics  | Long reads | Taxonomic profiling | <a href="https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/metagenomics/tutorials/beer-data-analysis/tutorial.html" class="fas fa-graduation-cap" aria-hidden="true"></a> | <a href="https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/metagenomics/tutorials/beer-data-analysis/workflows/" class="fas fa-share-alt" aria-hidden="true"></a> |  
```

| All | Shotgun metatranscriptomics | Short reads | Functional Analysis | <a href="https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/metagenomics/tutorials/metatranscriptomics/tutorial.html" class="fas fa-graduation-cap" aria-hidden="true"></a> | <a href="https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/metagenomics/tutorials/metatranscriptomics/workflows/" class="fas fa-share-alt" aria-hidden="true"></a> |  ASaiM-MT 

> | Pathogens | Oxford Nanopore Technologies (ONT) | Long reads | Taxonomic Profiling, Gene Identification, SNP identification, Pathogen Tracking | <a href="https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/metagenomics/tutorials/pathogen-detection-from-nanopore-foodborne-data/tutorial.html" class="fas fa-graduation-cap" aria-hidden="true"></a> | <a href="https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/metagenomics/tutorials/pathogen-detection-from-nanopore-foodborne-data/workflows/" class="fas fa-share-alt" aria-hidden="true"></a> | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Pathogens | Shotgun metagenomics | Long reads | Taxonomic Profiling, Gene Identification, SNP identification, Pathogen Tracking | <a href="https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/metagenomics/tutorials/pathogen-detection-from-nanopore-foodborne-data/tutorial.html" class="fas fa-graduation-cap" aria-hidden="true"></a> | <a href="https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/metagenomics/tutorials/pathogen-detection-from-nanopore-foodborne-data/workflows/" class="fas fa-share-alt" aria-hidden="true"></a>
| All | Shotgun metagenomics | Short reads | Assembly |  <a href="https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/metagenomics/tutorials/metagenomics-assembly/tutorial.html" class="fas fa-graduation-cap" aria-hidden="true"></a> | <a href="https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/metagenomics/tutorials/metagenomics-assembly/workflows/" class="fas fa-share-alt" aria-hidden="true"></a>
```
